---
title: "Clients"
bg: white  #defined in _config.yml, can use html color like '#0fbfcf'
color: black   #text color

---

# Past Clients

## WGSN

WGSN asked Alex McLintock (Alephant's MD) to design a new Big Data system for them which would help them keep track of what clothes were available for purchase on almost every website around the world. This let them analyse fashion trends. Today this system is the popular product "InStock". This originally used Amazon Web Services and Cloudera's Distribution of Hadoop

WGSN Instock is a big data solution, made specifically for buyers and merchandisers working in fashion. Knowing when to back a trend and when to back off can be a multi-million pound decision. 

 
## Funding Circle

Funding Circle wanted a better way to process their financial risk calculations. Alex McLintock helped to integrate Hadoop with their existing SAS statistics code.

http://www.sas.com/en_us/software/data-management/access-hadoop.html

 

## IG Group

IG Group asked Alex McLintock to help them with their embryonic Hadoop project. They needed a Hadoop SME (Subject Matter Expert) to steer their infrastructure team. In particular Alex integrated Hadoop from Hortonworks with IG Group's Splunk setup - using Splunk's Hunk tool.

http://www.splunk.com/en_us/products/hunk.html

## Find My Past

Find My Past Group, as part of DC Thompson, sought a way to improve the speed with which existing data could be re-ingested and presented to their customers. They wanted to learn how Big Data techniques might help revolutionise the way that they create new products and improve the maintenance of existing ones.


## Currenta

Currenta (recently split off from Bayer) wanted to learn how to make best use of the IoT data from their large ChemPark. Alex McLintock evaluated their existing Big Data systems and advised them on strategy, staffing, technology.

